Compassion: kindness, humanity, generosity, selflessness, community awareness, tolerance
Creativity: entrepreneurism, originality, innovation, imagination
Interpersonal Skills: leadership, teamwork, cooperation, sense of humor
Curiosity: adventurousness, willingness to take calculated risks, inquisitiveness
Maturity: independence, judgment, thoughtfulness
Honesty: integrity, honor, morality
Perseverance: follow-through, ability to overcome obstacles
Passion: devotion, commitment, enthusiasm, energy, dedication to learning


willingness to take (calculated) risks/independence/devotion:
	The first big decision I made was when I graduated from Chengdu Foreign Languages School as junior school. At that time, I certained my dedication in Computer Science and engaged in Olympiad in Informatics. CFLS guarranteed me a full scholarship and a direct upgrade into high school. But I just didn't like it, especially its stringent atmosphere and high pressure from study which would occupy almost every inch of my free time. So I quited and renounced all the assurance, and wanted to get into another school which has a better soil for computer programming. I don't think this is a calculated risk, since in the worst situation there's no high school for me to attend. After all, every risk has some sort of unmeasurable certainty, and sometimes you have to believe in your intuition. Even at the perspective of now, I still cannot judge whether it is a good decision, because I do not and can never know the "other side" of effect. But I never regret for this, because I did not only live to find myself, but also to create myself. (choosing Olympiad competition instead of Gaokao and dropping of Tsinghua are two other examples)

devotion/commitment/enthusiasm/follow-through:
	For game making specifically, I come a long way. Like other kids, I was addicted to video games, and always dreamed of putting the images and scenes echoing in my mind on to the screen. However, many teenagers longing for game making faltered when they realized game making is not an one-day business to accomplish, and it is impossible to see even the scrach of the final production when just started learning basic concepts of programming languages. I had an abnormally determined mind as a kid, possibly because I loved games too much and hated constant variance. The middle part of my experience was rather steady and boring, and throughout six years of study in spared time, I gradually achieved more and more in programming. Through dreaming, an unrealistic whim became plausible; with believe, years of striving finally knocked open the formidable door of game programming. I rush inside. All in sight are shadows of 7-year-old myself lost deliberately in the golden waves of grain.

leadership/teamwork/cooperation/originality/innovation/saving traditional Chinese fading culture:
	Head of high school's science & technology network department; Taking part in ACM-ICPC(International Collegiate Programming Contest) with 2 other students, which involves brainstorming and coordination to solve several real-life problems under pressure; Being the co-founder of individual game studio C2, current focus is on making a 3D RPG game of shadow play which put a strong emphasis on story line and traditional Chinese culture rendering; 


kindness/humanity/community awareness/leadership/teamwork/cooperation/originality:
	Building a non-profit online community 'Cornucopians' with other students dedicating for helping physically injured teenagers, mainly solving mental problems like solitude and isolation as a community and providing the latest news and technology in treating the disease. Ultimate goal is to gather money in order to do realistic help towards the sufferers; Also being as a volunteer for DaAiQingChen which is a prevailing non-profit organization whose goal is to save tens of millions of migrant workers suffering from an incurable disease normally known as dust lung, especially those working for coal companies. My responsibility is to make an English version of its website to gain help from benefactors over the world and to raise international attention on Chinese migrants' living conditions.


inquisitiveness/adventurousness:
	Wide range of interests in literature, music, movies, and sports, because of the belief that modern age innovations are made by combining interdisciplinary subjects, and that as a human being, working with people, have a profound understanding in humanities are more important than working on a computer.A harecore fan of fantasy novels, I enjoyed surfing in worlds like Westeros and Middle Earth, to focus the camera onto a specific character I find in common with, and then take on a great journey. The morden world that we live today is too safe and crowded, compared with old times. As a hotblooded boy restricted in a little box inside a tremendous city, I can only realize wild dreams in virtual worlds made by books and media, and this is one reason I am always fond of super hero, war, and western movies, though criticized as conventional by many people who don't share such strong emotional knots with me. In real world, my dream of adventure lies in Alaska since I find it the last clean land where humans still treat nature with awe, after immersing in several books by Jack London and Japanese traveller Hoshino Michio. I'm also a fan of music, especially OST(original soundtrack) and opera. Not like pop or rock music, OST is always without lyrics, but has much better rendering effect because there's always a background, a setting from a film or a video game. One of music's disadvantage is it is only concerned with hearing. But with OST, you can easily trigger out the scenes hidden inside your memory, and revisit the journeyagain. Quite similar to OST, but to another extreme, opera magnifies the usage of voices, and can therefore stun us more deeply. My favourite one is Les Miserables, which I watched different versions many times and can murmur the words out at any time.
